[Music]
98 meity coun
enous flashing on of micr speakers
to i the fl
[Music]
la declara del comit para ejercicio
derech inali del pueblo
palestin nuevo est blo inr del palestina
como mi
naor
ex
comp go
injusticia  Contra
puo
asa2 virt pala freco
como reflejo el apoo de la comun
internacional a los dere inali del
pueblo es una fr
siendo
mias que la potencia
ocupa de mem cono
derere formal el ingreso de palestina pr
uno de primer pasem y debem para lograr
anel  Solu
ampera confo israel
pales estad un debe the ingreso of
pales and be tamb el doble rero and la select
from your gobierno que se inventa constant
nuevos artil for garz the impunidad of
israel and exonar
responses
y que
ve a conso
[ __ ] debe cmplir mandato with urgencia
And the genocidio of those who come to the
country of Israel has to put a fin on the
poles and the colon in the
territori palestinos ocad that there are other people's
demands from the
future in the media and permanently in the territori
palestinos with the legal right to
convict them of the paz
per d
inali
pal una
vetir incon de israel del
go
[music]
territor agres contra que violan su soan
and teg
territori inercia externa esa
israel contra diplom ir damasco elado
primero de abril en flagrante viola del
derecho
inan con cons
impr inmediato sin
condici  an arbitrator and a unilateral medicare worker
Nan
Solli no alcanzar the la violencia
la de dio la diploma favor de
[Music]
Against
back
regency remains deteriorating situation
in gaza thailand continues to be deeply
concerned with the current catastrophic
humanitarian situation gaza with its
unprecedented levels  of destruction and
suffering including tens of thousands of
casualties the situation is intolerable
and cannot continue immediate is ured
adoption res 2728 put forward by the
council elected members month was a ma
step forward the resolution demands
immediate humanitas in gaza the
immediate and unconditional release of
all  hostages as well as the urgent need
to expand the flow of humanitarian
assistance to civilians much to our
regret the month of ramadan has ended
with no end in sight for the suffering
of the people in gaza the resolution has
unfortunately not been implemented by
the parties concerned  thailand repeats
our call all sid to implement the
relevant security council resolutions
in in recent weeks situation has more
dangerous with devils in the region that
threaten to exacerbate the situation and
further amplify the regional dimensions
of conflict so we call for continuing
and utm restraint by all  par so that the
situation does not deteriorate further
as it will inevitably have an impact on
innocent civilians the un secretary
general reminded us the un charter
prohibition on the use of force against
territorial integrity or independence of
state
inter
law all of united nations 1961 vienna
convention on diplomatic relations and
1963 vi convention on consular relations
president our prim focus remains to end
the conflict in gaza in connection ures
the concern parties to respect and ff
their obligations under international
human law weem in strong term all forms
of violence atts civ medic  and
workers nation atts health est units are
unac and we are interested in any that in force
displacement transf of civili from gaz
reiterate our appreciation for the
diplomatic efforts of all parties
involved in facilitating the release of
some hostages including 23 tha
national deep concern for alles
for immediate and uncal rele
including in with resolutions of the
security council and the 10th emergency
special session of the general assembly
indeed just earlier today thailand and
17 other countries issued a joint
statement calling for the rease of these
hostages and pending their release we
call for  the continuation of their
proper treatment and care now the ro of
un remains vital as
international for its work thailand
appreciates posi and timely resp to
final report of independent review
mechan and procedures to ensure adh by to
the humanitarian princip of neutral we
welcome the resumption  of funding for by
several states we also to the
international comm rese the provision of
human assistance to gasa during these
difficult times and we reate our call
for the protection human a
workers lives help to
agat isra pal side by
side
inter
res unity
was
agip
nation together
for ecl question for sake people ofe and
gaz and people
regent
than
fl president my
deb and sec general for his briefing
malaysia is gravely concerned by the
escalation of tensions in the middle
east we urge all parties to exercise
restraint and seas all  provocative and
hostile acts we must not lose sight that
the question of palestine remains at the
core of the volatility in the middle
east Israel's collective punishment of
the palestinians and disproportionate
and indiscriminate military on on gaza
for over 200
have uned catastrophic humanitarian
conse for example  we are horrified by
the destruction of nasir and alifa
hospitals and the discovery of m graves
in their comps we demand independent th
and transparent international
investigations israel continues to defy
un resolutions including resolution 2728
adopted less than a month ag by
council is immedi offensive and  lift
barriers to international aid it
continues to disregard its obligations
under international law and ignore the
repeated calls by the international
community including from among stous
allies to do more to protect civilians
we are applied by israel's plan military
assault on rafa despite warnings from
the international community  and
humanitarian agencies that it would lead
to disastrous outcomes mr
president israel's brutality against
palestinians has enraged people across
the region and beyond the impunity that
israel has long enjoyed has embolden it
to act recklessly this has to stop this
council must act resolutely and
decisively to  enforce compliance on the
part of Israel because the consequences
could be extremely perilous not only for
the region but also the world a
sustained and permanent ceas fire in
gaza is the fundamental first step
towards de escalating tensions in the
region the supply of humanitarian aid at
scale into and throughout gaza must
resume palestinians must not be forcibly
displaced out of gaza all hostages and
those in administrative detention must
release the sale of arms and funds
israel military offensive in gaza which
has clearly contv international
humanitarian law must ceas unra function
as the  primary human development agency
for palestinian refugees is
indispensable and irreplaceable and th
must continue to be supported Malaysia
welcomes the final report of the
independent review group which
acknowledges the already extensive
mechanisms and procedures within unra
ure neutrality we also welcome unra
commitment to implement the
recommendations  to best ability
sufficient resources must be allocated
to unra towards this
ende mr president malaysia deeply
regrets the failure of this council to
support the application of the state of
palestine to become a full member of the
united nations this council has had a
momentous opportunity to help  fulfill
the right to self determination of the
palestinian people a right enshrined in
the un charter at meeting the state of
palestine as a full member of this
organization would have been without any
doubt the right thing to do 1440 members
of the of the united nations  have
recognized the state of palestine and
many more will do so in the very near
future furthermore palestine has proven
itself worthy of membership through
active participation at all un platforms
clearly there is no pl possible reason
why palestine should continue to be
denied of full membership  Supporting
palestine's full membership would have
been the crucial first step to address
the root cause of the incessant
crisis in the region that is the
longstanding illegal occupation of
palestinian lands by Israel it is
ludicrous that those who have repeatedly
expressed their support for the two
state  solution as the only way to
guarantee sustainable peace and security
in the region could not support the full
membership of the state of palestine mr
president we are at a precarious
juncture the choice we make today may
lead to far reaching tumultuous and
dangerous consequences it is a  moment
that backs us to reflect and act with
wisdom and courage we must not allow
the of middle east and the world to be
dictated by indiv whose only mo is his
own political survival we must stand up
and resist for the consequences of our
failure could  be more loyal to us all
than you ient malay forat give fl
me
presente
by convo
che a tiempo to evitar a conflicto
general medio
oriente my gobierno se encuentra
extremadamente
preocupado por las militares acciones
que en el timo mes han dado lugar a un
aumento perigoso
Daste and l' ido an Israel contra
consulado of the irn
damasco franca viola of the
conven and the posterior intercambio of the
militares ent iran and israel who
actos contrari a los principios de
la carta de naciones
unidas el silencio del consejo de
seg no agar
conf and enva peligroso mensaje todo
permit f su storia mexico conna ilo
forza e rel
internal hacemos llamado a las parts
a la
auten y a solucionar
the consejo of seguridad estar a tura
de su responsabilidad and satisfactory
expectativas de la ina mayor de los
estados  People
who feel the
pain for their imperativo entre outside the house are in the middle of the grave of the child in the house of his
mother who has a large
gazebo in the middle of the house where there are no
people in the graves and human beings in the house
Lament che app pesare della dione
della risoluzione 27 28 e
cons la cual exa un alto al fuego
durante el mes de
ramad las partes no hayan cumplido con
esas
disposos la paris de consejo ante incent
de sus
decisiones sienta un precedente nefo que
maina una vez Su propia
autoridad uros las partes a que se
comanenta entar un diogo que perita crear
condiciones para alcanzar un definitivo
permanente
deidad en todo territorio palestino
oc la responsabilidad de rear de proceso
de paz e descargar la
violencia reca evident
parts that are
exposed to the
consejo  And the
internal tenemos and the deber colectivo of
favoring a processo pol enam a promover
una paz
dur salud sentido the iniciativa of
francia for which consejo de seguridad
adopted una resolu que perm retomar
negociaciones for poner fin al
conflicto entre israel and
palestina conden cualquier ataque
indis or dirigido contra la pobla civil
en
cualquier ass como contra il personal
mico
eit ser contrari al dto
intern signor
presidente il
ello mxico considera che
imperativo implementing la
solu
laisa
aa seg
isel e per
consol pal
potica economicamente vi conviva con
israel dentro  The
internacional seguras recite conocidas deidad with
the internal derecho and in particular with
the resol pertinent d
na
inan with the position equivoca of
ours and a la luz del prolong estan campo
proc de
y the desesperada situa
humanitarian miles of palestinos mxico
refa su apo a  The aspira of the Palestina
to share the place of the place
that was on the 18th of April and the
organ no place was brought
forward from the present for Algeria to recomend me The place
of the Palestina was to
organize the whole body for part of the dead person of the
place  Keep in touch with the
mayor's respaldo that is located in the place that is
reconocimiento very
important in the area that is important in the collection
of new items
for the permit to move
orient media close to what the aspira
palestina used
material in the work of the amplio
encuentra in
the studio  With all the people in
Mexico City, there are large numbers of
different activities in various
multilateral situations that you love
in your
favor on November 2,
2012, for the old country in which the place is kept,
no place in the house that does not
exist in the place of the
hotel.  This is the last
moment in a long time in the middle of the day
of the
international community in the aspiring system with the help of the
people who enter the front of the
seguras and the inside of the
shape of the interim.
Thank you, Mr. President. I would like at the beginning to thank you
for holding this
ministerial meeting as well.  I extend my thanks to His Excellency Mr.
Antonio
Gooch, Mr. President. The Kingdom of Morocco,
whose family is headed by His Majesty King Mohammed VI, may
God grant him victory, has renewed the Pastors Committee emanating from the Organization of
Islamic Cooperation, affirming its
complete, comprehensive and firm solidarity with the
legitimate rights of the brotherly Palestinian people based
on international legitimacy and based on the two-
state solution agreed upon by  party of the
international community, leading to the establishment of an independent Palestinian state
on the borders of June 4,
1967, with its capital in Qat al-Sharqiya. From this standpoint,
like the rest of the Arab and Islamic countries, the
Non-Aligned Group, and other countries, the Kingdom of
Morocco renews its firm and absolute support for the request for
full membership of the State of Palestine in the
United Nations. Mr. President, we are listening today.  In
light of the difficult and difficult circumstances that the Middle East region is going through,
we have seen it in the past six months
in the Gaza Strip and the
catastrophic conditions that accompanied it, the humanitarian suffering of the
Palestinian population, and the persistence in targeting civilians. The
conflict has entered a more dangerous stage with
major repercussions on the entire region,
as the Israeli military actions
in the Strip have demonstrated.  Gaza has reported
grave violations that contradict the provisions of international law
and international law. The
number of victims of this crisis has reached
unprecedented numbers, in addition to the famine crisis.
Humanitarian workers, international laws, and
humanitarian law, Mr. President, the
Kingdom of Morocco once again to impose an
immediate and sustainable ceasefire as the only
sure way.  By ending these attacks and the need to ensure the protection of
civilians in accordance with international law and international
humanitarian law, and to allow
humanitarian aid to flow freely and in sufficient quantities to the residents of
Gaza and to establish a dignified and dignified
Palestinian cause. The
Kingdom of Morocco stresses the importance of
immediate implementation and resolution
22. The Council met on March 2nd.
Given the scope of
the field in all its dimensions and respect for international law
and law, the Kingdom of Morocco finds emphasis on
its rejection and eradication of all transgressions, the policy of
collective punishment and forced displacement, and the attempt to impose a
new reality and religion on the Gaza Strip, an integral part
of the Palestinian territories and a single Palestinian state.
We stress that the threat to expand
military operations to include all areas of Fatwa  Gaza does not
have Rafah, and this is
unacceptable because it leads to aggravation of the
disastrous humanitarian conditions in
Gaza. The Kingdom of Morocco also calls on the
international community and the Security Council to accelerate entry and delivery of
humanitarian aid to the Palestinian brothers
in the Gaza Strip in a safe, sufficient, sustainable and without
obstacles in implementation of Security Council Resolutions 2712
and 272 to this end and within the framework of  The
actual commitment and permanent interest of His Majesty
King Mohammed VI, may God grant him victory, Chairman of the
Al-Quds Committee, in the Palestinian issue, and with sublime instructions
from His Majesty, the Kingdom of Morocco provided
important aid to the Gaza Strip, and the vacancy was completed in the past and coinciding
with the advent of the holy month of Ramadan. Congratulations on launching a
major humanitarian operation for the benefit of the population
in Gaza Al-Sharif, and since the outbreak of operations.
For more than five months, Morocco has been considered the
first country to transport its humanitarian aid via an
unprecedented land route and deliver it directly to the
two thousand residents. Others may provide Jerusalem money, the
implementation arm of the Jerusalem campaign, with food aid for the residents of
Yemen during the month of Ramadan and this aid. This assistance
also includes the establishment of emergency coordination at Al-Quds Hospital.
Mr. President, when the Kingdom of Morocco expresses its
support for UNRWA and stresses the importance of supporting this
agency, which enables it to have the
necessary resources sufficient to fulfill the mandate of the Prophet,
Mr. President, the fatigue of the Kingdom of
Morocco, whose Majesty
King Mohammed VI, may God grant him victory, headed to the Jerusalem Committee,
expressed its strong condemnation.  It denounced the storming of the courtyards of
the Blessed Al-Aqsa Mosque by some
extremists and their followers and their carrying out of
provocative practices that violate its sanctity.
The Kingdom of Morocco affirms its rejection of any measures that
strengthen the legal and historical status of the City of
Jerusalem, its sanctities, including the Blessed Al-Aqsa Glory.
Forms of
escalation and provocation: The increase in
Israeli practices, unilateral measures, and
repeated provocations in Jerusalem undermines
international initiatives aimed at stopping the
deadly cycle of violence. In this context,
the Kingdom of Morocco affirms the necessity of halting all
measures that affect the legal status
and history of the city of Jerusalem in the service of peace
and stability and to avoid the conflict turning from a
political conflict into one.  A religious conflict will have dire consequences
for everyone. The city of Jerusalem must remain a land of
meeting and a symbol of peaceful coexistence for
followers of the three monotheistic religions. It is a center for the values of
mutual respect and dialogue, as was stipulated
in the Jerusalem Call signed by His Majesty
King Mohammed VI, may God grant him victory, the head of Jerusalem, His Holiness
Pope Francis on 30  March 2019,
the city of Al-Bat. In conclusion, Mr. President, I would like to
recall what was stated in the speech of His Majesty King Mohammed
VI, may God bless him, to the participants in the
extraordinary joint Arab-Islamic summit,
November 11, 2023, in Riyadh, the
sister Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and this decisive circumstance must be dealt with
from the standpoint of the
historical responsibility that it requires of us.  Starting from some
alternative postulates, there is no alternative to a real peace in
the region that guarantees the Palestinians their legitimate rights
to achieve a two-state solution. There is no alternative to an
independent and infallible Palestinian state that borders the East. There is no
alternative to strengthening the Palestinian Authority under the leadership of
President Mahmoud Abbas al-Baz, and there is no alternative to establishing
existing sustainable regional security mechanisms.
Respect for international law and international treaties.
This is fine. Thank you,
Mr. President. I thank you for holding
this
session. It is unfortunate that the Council was unable to
pass the draft resolution submitted by Algeria,
which recommends granting Palestine full membership in
this
organization. It is a shame for Palestine, which has been recognized by more
than 140 countries.  To take its natural place among
countries. It is a peace-loving state that has repeatedly undertaken
to respect the obligations
contained in the United Nations Charter, and it is able and willing
to implement these obligations.
As for its borders, they are known to all of us.
Israel stands as an obstacle to granting it
full membership if the Council fails to finance a project.
The decision contributes to prolonging the conflict and keeps us away
from achieving the
two-state solution. Mr. President, in the year
2011, during two approaches to the Security Council,
there was an attempt to give Palestine the right to
full membership in the United Nations, which
ended with a settlement to give it observer member status.
Today, after 13 years, the
sister Republic of Algeria, Mishal, takes up the Palestinian issue
and tries once again.  Others, in the name of the Arab Group
and with the support of 14 countries, but they collide with the same
obstacles, are faced with the same arguments, and are obstructed by the same
obstacles.
We ask ourselves and ourselves when the time has come to grant
Palestine full membership and recognition of the
Palestinian state stipulated in successive United Nations resolutions.
Mr. President, it is an attempt by the
Israeli extreme right government to escape
internal accountability.  Through its attempt to expand the
scope of the conflict and extend it to countries in the air,
it endangers international peace and security,
and this is what Lebanon has been exposed to on a daily basis
since October 8,
2023, as Israel expanded the scope of
its attacks to reach the Lebanese neck and did not
exclude civilian targets. This
aggression has so far caused the displacement of more than 90 people.  Thousands of
Lebanese from their southern villages. The
Israeli aggression did not spare any journalists,
civilians, or relief workers. We cannot help but
recall the attack on the
ambulance center in the town of Habriyeh, south of Lebanon, which
led to the death of seven rescuers and the wounding of others,
in addition to the destruction of
the center. Israel was also exposed to army personnel and centers.
Lebanon and the International Emergency Forces,
Mr. President, Lebanon presented its vision for a solution
based on restoring the territories occupied
by Israel, stopping Israeli violations of
Lebanese sovereignty on land, sea and air, and demonstrating the
drawn international borders that are
internationally recognized and confirmed by the
United Nations. Lebanon also stressed, through its Prime Minister
and Foreign Minister, the importance of moving forward.  In
finding a diplomatic solution to the crisis and sparing Lebanon
and the Lebanese from the scourge of war, Lebanon also thanks the
friendly countries, led by the
United States of America and France, for the efforts they are
making to reduce the escalation and reach a
sustainable solution. We affirm Lebanons firm commitment to facilitating the
mission of the UNIFIL mission inside its territory, ensuring its
security and safety of
its members, and adhering to Resolution 1701 in full.
Regardless of its levels and with all
matters getting out of
control, the political horizon
for a two-state solution, ending the occupation, and recognizing the
independent Palestinian state on the borders of
June 4, 1967, with
East Jerusalem as its capital, must be revived in accordance with the terms of reference for the solution. A
just solution to the refugee issue and the issues of the final solution must be revived and
in accordance with international legitimate resolutions, especially the
Councils resolution.  Security Article No.
264 and the Arab Peace Initiative in Peru in
2002 and the elimination of Israel from the occupied Arab lands,
Mr. President, all solutions that do not
take into account everything we mentioned above will remain
unreasonable and will not lead at all to a
just peace. Thank you.
Open debate sit m e conflict gaz over
mon
crw the
ction 2728
cr
inter
isra
des
canor uncom position teror in form man
and
inter comm
a to the people of palest and continue
to so we the recent facilitation of
great flow of human into gas by isra
au my leaders repe  empas that only the
two state solution ached through direct
and meaningful neo between both sides on
final stat ises will deliv uring peace
ind committed toting a state sol
where
bity needs of isra to arve at lasting
solution we all part to f con
to
nation coun
coun malta ro ustr important
contrition which small st can make in
the
council the inus done to pest by denal
of fundal ofes people to self and
st the heart of challenges to peace and
security in the middle east to the
security council has three ent
responsibilities
to isra genal war in gaz to prent the f
spr and escalation of war and to revive
the peace process towards a two state
solution to establ durable peace and
security in the middle e isra has killed
over 34,000 palestin inaz 70% of them and
wom it blocked human assistance creating
the reality of fame and pestilence for
the 2 million people of gaza it has
defied the demand of the security
council in resu 2728 for imate se fire
it refus to by the inter
council general assem and the
international community mus  consid the
fur meas
requ fire in
and second as we
are ag region
conflict w b lebanon sy ir and now iran
by
prus all
partation
pred un is
stang and will spread andi engulf the
enti mle east and
be even as hased in gaz some
princi to  the and st
for of the state sol which is univ recn
as the only out that would bring durable
peace and security inly land and the m e
application for to the united nation by
pest and cons with the to
peace recent days by the region most
info  st and is
cl pan is deeply dis of
sec subm alg
beh
of
un overing
forest clear mage state of pest des
rightful place among
un president palest un mers will be
setting the historic injustice suffused by
the palestin people for over 75 years
and
equal  of
nees important create reality could
translate into a two st set and the
establishment of a pales st with the 4 j
1967 bers and as cap i than you ient of
pan for st fl
seor presente agr a malta convar
a de su presidencia durante me  Tomomos
nota de laiz porar
general
elra palv
a de la sea miembro
dere elaborado poria que fot enrg elevas
pasado haya aprobado hacemos para
del pal
a 18
197 197 de asamblea general tambas relas
como
laolu
degan
seiri par israel terror pal
presente
harist  Vicia and hostil
poil asmo ex
Liber reen
permin del
sobre
ha
info la carta la d intercial d interal
human
insiste alto fuego inmediato permanente
unor fluencia humania hacia g gar para
acco pleno pleno inmediato seguro
traben
aaar dec que se elimin todos los obos de
dicha  Asistencia and facilitar the uso of
todas the rutas
terrestres inr fran
recientes of
israel of que siendo
desesperada reiter que la violencia no
se lucion con violencia y su uso ha
costado vida miles de civiles palestin
su mayor mujeres ancianos y y en gran rg
vida dei
israel como  We live in the
country where there are provocative activities in Israel with the help of
lg nuo pame a
family member who has fun with the pal
para
active with aten que ju pasado en esta
sala com el comision general de esta
agencia seor lasar no cada que la
proteccin la vida  Human beings have entered the new
maximum period prior to the moment at which time there
was no log
control that occurred on
April 27, 27 at the beginning of the year and
specially on the 27th of 28th of the 25th day of the
record that todays resolucion took place on the
vines and branches of the academy.  We keep our
alarms on the repairs and the
conflict ramones in the registry where there are other people
in Yemen who are in
Israel who are in Damasco in the country
Observe what is
the profane property of the country in which they live
For the last of the
internacional community for the purposes of the
general secretariat
and the general secretariat for the purpose of displaying one of the
records
todas las facades tambi seguimos atento
la ponen y la entrega de informacin que
real ay mies en este
ord alent adas las partes involo as
como  The internacional comunidad and the other way around
for the terminar esta
guerra esto solamente es possible a trav
de la vida diploma and el diogo recon los
esfuerzos y resultsados de paes amigos
han lado to reduce the tension of the
president's previous situation with the como
nu apoo a una solu justa yera  Conforms
to the resolucion of the unified naciones
esperamos que new presid por el primer
ministro mamed musta logre estab gaza and
pueda liberar su reconstr nuestro
compromiso se relaciona
with grand
siglo xx integr transversal en nuestra
sociedad as mismo cong en nuestro pa una
dinamica y activa
What people share with us belongs to the
new president and the president
that the medics adopt for the
internacional court of justicia due to the
gatherings for the part of the record that the
chile is present with the son of the escrito deis
ante pen internacional respecto situ pal
with the objetivo de  Rezar la investiga
de los presos crimes de guerra y
crimes deid
osal e Israel il contempo r considering the
actualmente una existe una investiga en
curso por la fiscal de esta corte
respecto a la siteua de palestina ob
para finalmente chile se une a las
voces que hacen  un llamado aliento
general inmediato of las posibilidad
pen peligro la paz la segu interal gra
unle
ise st the two solution is only to ach
peace between palestine and israel and
regal
stable hasar that we are to support
application for membership of the united
nations for palese  if is the assem
deep unfortunate security council was
un to support palestinian request for
membership we will continue to work
closely with partners in and outside the
region for the purpose of realizing
palestinian stat as exped as
possible president the secretary general
has described the middle east  as region
on the br recent escalations taken us
reg war we all wared against for
a people all over the region are
affected norway has condemned the recent
attacks between israel and iran we urge
all parties involved to exercise maximum
restraint and avoid further escalation
regionally in  palestine more than 33,000
people are reported killed since oer 7
including more than
g after people
gazed dest enti neoris to the ground and
unimaginable number of people inflicted
with the horrific inri the un reports on
risk of fam the conflict is
ongoing we cannot afford to  lose
sight more
isx violence keeping us about the
horrors of the atts more 100,000 israelis
are still evacuated waiting to come
home president we comm egypt qatar the
us and others
for in gaza we war about
military operations including in ra we
every that resolution
2728  adopted by this council last month
is binding and we reiterate our demands
for a ceas humanitarian access and the
release of
hostages the humanitarian situation in
gaza is catastrophic and access
much more must be done to facit access and
prot a
workers president expansion of illegal
sets and  increas in violence in the
west bank is extremely concerned the
establishment
of
toity isra
to bring help political cement to the
conflict including the arab peace plan
president palestinian stat is a for the
realation of the two state solution in
line with the un7
isb mae  security cc ad isra as a member
un based on that same plan this also
means that the palestinian state must
comprise the west bank including east
jerusalem and gas and be based on the
borders norway works closely with
palestinian prime min mamm must and
agenda as  chair of the donor
coordination group we encourage partners
to continue political and financial
support to the
pa president this is the time to call
for de escalation i call on all members
of this council to act and to take the
responsibility that you are entrusted
with this council  and leaders of the
middle east region must use their powers
to break the current cycle of violence the
war in gasa stop we
all signor
presidente agr la convocatoria
in vista del escal precedente cries
perros nos vos a la intervening form
for uganda in the name of the
pa  The
president and the president are in the group of people who have the same
information for the official page of the
notification sobre el descubrimiento de ms de
283 ces encerrados en el hospital nas
de la hanji en el centro de gaza los
cuerpos de ancianos mujeres y heridos
fueron encontrados con sus manos atad y
The hospital was sent to us in the hospital for a visit to the
hospital in Israel and the
principios of the people of April that went to the
entire hospital in a month of the world that carried out the
crime and that the timo una
lista crci che auma nuestra capacidad de
Procar horror ocurre
gasa
israel mundo sea informationado la masacre
del hospital [ __ ]
conv de che pue
desens a la opini pica mundial normaliz
horror durante los timos meses visto
como con total impunidad israel ha una
de muerte gaz isra ha assin a4000
principe
mujeres cada 10  Minutos one nio una nia
asado or herido am no para en los timos
se meses israel ha asado a ms de 100
humanitarian trabajadores naes un como trabajadores
de medios
comun israel usando arman la
inteligencia artificial para assinar
civiles inocentes que no forman parte de
la pobla  Palestina siendo usada como un
gco campo de
criminal experiment la ola de muerte viene otra ola
destruc 70% de tod los lugares han sido
arrad y 30 de los 36 hospitals existes
han sido bombarde inclu jun el siteo de
laa ao
sea infr vit
alberi  Ambulancia and other
medical alimentary somos tests the
viola continua system and the
derecho the vida the salud alimenta pueo
somos testigo of the
elderly president of Israel who is cree est
porma la ley su conducta criminal tiene
fr porque cuenta with
econic division  This method of princip and
no one marco impunidad has convenci of
Israel from ten via the library to the site of
a territorial mendo della
violenza che
non impunidad permite
is a
crimen crime maor una onda expansa di
agression libano syria e iran
escal il conflitto a  una guerra regional
cada vez
destruc que perm consolar la an
territorial en gasa y la rera
occidental israel es hoy el rims
peligroso de la porque su historia
reciente lo ha conven sdo de que la
expansi de la guerra suo consolida su
conquista territorial
loses del rimen  Israel noan the plann
orgulloso
de praman al mundo su inten de redar
lasr as como desprecio
podemos esperar ninguna ac de parte de
Israel alone the ac decidida de la comun
internacional caso hoy de este consejo
de seguridad
puede eliminar los incentivo que
permiten to Israel  benefici of the
sua or presidente in the vista of that elim
of Israel [ __ ] orden of the fuego apr por
resolu del cons seg as como provisional
of the
interia persisted imped the ingresso
alimento a
g inf
come un puo the nazione debemos
responder creando the plataforma potica
che  Perm the library of the pueblo palestino
of the opera
colon esta plataforma reconocimiento del
estado de palestina como miembro del recho de los organizacin est
palestino libre
independente soberano es lo contrario
planes de el colonial genera que
israel terreno form 25 aos isra ha neg a
reconocer la  existencia del pue
palestino como na con derech
pol hasta hoy pretende tener derecho de
veto a trav de los estados unidos a
existencia del estado
palestino la hir al mundo un criminal
como israel perdi toda capaci para
influir reconocimiento de pala como mi
pleno de
na fin de  ciclos
con
colonial mi consejo de seguridad que
votar en favor del resolucin
que recom a la asamblea general la admis
inmediata de palestina como un miembro
deo derecho naes unas
una demra del derecho del pue
palestino a libert aer
independentencia uno
desc por  The word maya de la
humanidad to justi que averon a
todos lamentablemente una vota histria
seguridad solo elo estados unidos neg la
apra de la palestina
clo pa principa para la libera del pueo
palestino
para seor presidente por timo alerten que
la protection de estados unidos  A
criminal acquaintance with the people who apoyo
isra tien
capacidad de eliminar los incen pervers
que impuls la estrategia esrael de
guerra
fin as es como reca el gobierno estados
unos la responsabilidad por la pen de
millones de seres human beings
ho
future ese goer quebe demr  The racial cond
evit que Israel lo arr a un conflicto de
mayores propor
ilo
es vol
con Thank you, Mr. President. At the beginning, I would like to
thank Malta for its presidency of the Security Council
in this matter, and I thank it for raising the session to the
ministerial level, and I take this opportunity to renew our
appreciation and support.  Due to the efforts
made by the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr.
Antonio Guterres, and his repeated calls for a
sustainable ceasefire in Gaza, Mr.
President, the continuing aggression by the
occupation forces on the Bass Strip and the rest of the occupied
Palestinian territory will last for six months without
the international community and the Security Council being able to impose a
time period
for each settlement.  Calls, initiatives,
meetings, and decisions have caused approximately 34,000
Palestinian civilian martyrs, most of them
women and children, and the massive and
unprecedented scale of destruction, horrific human suffering, and
all forms of implementation, rights violations,
starvation, war crimes, and genocide being
practiced on the people in full view
of the
world. This continues to be aggression and recklessness.  The
occupation authorities, with the decisions of the Security Council, the
General Assembly, the International Court of Justice, and the principles of
international law and international humanitarian law,
have an impact on atomistic failure. The international community has been unable to
bear its legal
and moral responsibilities, even within its minimum limits, represented
by stopping aggression, destroying lives, and bringing in
humanitarian and
secret aid. There is no doubt that this international silence is
miserable.  The continuous failure of the international agencies to carry out
their supposed role has given the occupation forces a free hand
to continue their crimes, implement their plans, and impose
their threat on the
international community, especially the support and assistance they have received inside and outside the
Security Council, within the framework of narrow calculations
and in the absence of double standards, which has entrenched
in them the idea that they are above all questions or issues.  Hold him accountable
and encourage it to continue to disregard all
international
and humanitarian conventions. The situation cannot continue as it is,
especially in light of the unprecedented suffering
of the Palestinian people in Gaza and the
dangers of displacement and extermination that threaten 1.5 million remote refugees
if the occupation forces carry out
their threat of invasion,
in addition to the repercussions of every...  This affects security
and stability in the world, and in a region that stands on the
verge of sliding into crisis and cannot
bear more tension
and conflict. Hence, he renews his call on the
international community and the members of the Security Council to take immediate, effective and
responsible action to put an end to this
situation, and to hold the occupation accountable for the
humanitarian tragedy in Gaza and impose an immediate cessation.  To launch
fire and prevent all plans of invasion and
forced displacement that the occupation forces are threatening,
and to facilitate the entry of humanitarian aid
continuously, without obstacles, and in sufficient quantities.
Failure to do so puts at stake the prestige of this
Council, the credibility of the United Nations, confidence in
multilateral action, and commitment to the bottom
and international law in full and to Tunisia.  Its
firm position in support of the wretched Palestinian people in their steadfastness
against the occupation and the inter-state war to which they are exposed and
in their struggle to recover their legitimate rights
that have not been forfeited by the statute of limitations and to establish an
independent state in Palestine and its inner Jerusalem. It
also confirms its support for Palestines request to obtain
full membership in the United Nations, considering that  It is truly horrific and undeniable.
Thank you,
Si. It is real in the mano of
the paz and the seguridad
internacionales in some of the places where there are
favorable people in the world who
have passed away with the
terrible ones who belong to terrorist groups in the month of
October.  The energy of those who use it will be able to use a small and medium-sized household that is the same as
the
gas station for the part of the
children's drama, the children's homes, the children's homes, the
escam that they use in the house to enter the house
in the surrounding areas and their
home  It does not depend on the la
re being in the French gazebo
Fuego unitario la libera inmediata e
incondicional de
todos y que se garanti el accesso pleno
rido seguro y sin trabas de la auda
humania para
la tambi sabemos que una solu de largo
plo requiere decisiones polas  It is
important for every continuation
of the situation where the people are located in the country where people are
naturally born in the country where
Israel is located in a
country house of
194 273 in the Asamblea general median and the same
admi  Israel is connected to
the unified naciones
with the consecu with the implementation of the solu
de el per ha tomado nota de la fal
consenso
con ecio de ello
Esperanza de que dicho organo consid
favora la solicitud de admi del estado
palestino como miembro naciones unidas
presentar
paar  When you are present
you are the President of the Iniciar for the first time that he had previously received
the money that was sent to him and sent him a copy of
the carta
from the national teams
peru del
conse proval orden porte internacional
justi estat
[Music]
eedi final pera sual a la laor
Delete one of the gutters and the agencia of the
unidas nationals specialmente those who use
human materia nuad of the naciones unas to
preserve the
genero
solo lr noo
sias and
resp pu per para todo esfuerzo en esa
diras
[Music]
Gra
Malta has passed the 200 day mark fears
of escalation into a regional war in the
middle east are growing the recent
outburst of direct confrontation between
the region's major military powers and
the subsequent retaliatory actions are
threatening to perpetuate a new cycle of
violence this deepening regional crisis
calls for immediate and united  actions
from this council and the international
community at large the adoption of
resolution 2728
urc major coun membership proven to be
insufficient to bring about a
sustainable and longterm fire in gaza as
prent further violence and
confrontations in the wider
region mr president vietnam is deeply
concerned about the increasing tension
and hostilities in the middle east has
taken a deva civ
vietnam use of force against the
autonomy and territorial integrity of
any state which runs counter to
international law and the un
charter we once and again condemn in the
strong stronger terms  all forms of
indiscriminate violence against
civilians and critical civili
infrastructure
We denounced the continued attacks
aimed at commercial and civil vessels on
international maritime routes which
resulted in the death of a vietnamese
national last month in the gulf of
aden we call for more effective measures
to  better ensure marit
security vietnam renews its call for an
immediate cessation of hostilities and
violence and unconditional release of
all
hostages we urge all parties to exerc
atm restrain engage in dialogs and
abide by international law the un
charter and relevant un
resolutions we also call for  all parties
to take any necessary measures to assure
unimpeded delivery of humanitarian
assistance and reaffirm vietnam's
continued support for onra key role in
this critical
mission vietnam supports all
international mediation and
reconciliation efforts toward lasting
and peaceful resolution to the ongoing
conflict and the middle east peace
process anchored in the two state
resolution two state
solution in this regard vietnam strongly
supports the state of palestine's
longstanding and legitimate desire to
become a full member of the united
nations we are disappointed at the
council's inability to reach agreement
on this matter last week against the
will of not only the palestinian people
but also the vast majority of
international community vietnam remains
confident in the ultimate and rightful
access of the state of palestin to
the united nations i thank you i thank
the representative of vietnam for the
statement and i now give the  fl to the
representative of ireland thank you
president we are at an incredibly
dangerous for global security bl
disregard the rules of international
engagement bringing the middle east to
prp ir all recent attacks which have
served to escalate the situation in the
region all parties show maximum
restraint and focus de
escalation at the heart of this
instability is the conflict in gaza and
the broader occupation of palestinian
territory by Israel unless we address
this head on we will not be able to
ensure peace and security for Israel
palestinians and indeed for millions of
people  across the wi midle
east president mons since the of the war
in gaza destruction continues daily fam
is taking hold we have heard commitments
by israel to expand humanitarian access
but actions are not commensurate with a
desperate need on the ground in the face
of acute deprivation  it is imperative
that israel facilitate immediate safe
and unhindered humanitarian access into
and throughout the gaza strip not only
food but water medicine and sanitation
all need rap scaling up as part of a
comprehensive fam response
our foreign minister saw these
restrictions on access first hand when
he visited the rafa crossing earlier
this week these restrictions must end it
is essential also that restrictions on
the work of unra and other humanitarian
groups are immediately lifted to ensure
the desperately needed flow of aid we
welcome the independent report by
catherine colana which will reinforce un
existing neutrality procedures as report
makes clear is irreplaceable and
indispensable our minister s critical
work to give young palestine refugees a
future in action at un school in a
yesterday the assumption and expansion
of support under byers is now
desperately
needed in march international court of
justice  ordered israel to take all
necessary and effective measures to
ensure without delay in full cooperation
with the united nations the unhindered
provision at scale by all concern of
orig needed basic services and
humanitarian
assistance the icj has essentially
ordered israel to assist in the
distribution of aid  the icj orders are
binding and we call in Israel to
implement them
immedi along with a massive and
sustained surge and humanitarian aid
into gaza we need an immediate
humanitarian ceasefire and the immediate
and unconditional release of all
hostages Ireland is deeply concerned by
reports of a potential  israeli operation
in rafa up to 1.5 million people are
sheltering there and any military
intervention operation by israel in rafa
would result in grave violations of
international humanitarian
law elsewhere in the west bank we are
deeply disturbed by rising tensions
violence and recent death attacks by
israeli  settlers and palestinian
communities were widespread and
organized this follows a sharp rise in
settler violence and the displacement of
palestinian communities over recent
months this is unacceptable and must end
Israel must take action to palestinians
s
attacks beyond these immediate actions
we need a comprehensive plan delivers  a
two-state solution and corps a dangerous
escalator cycle the people of palestine
must have reason to believe in political
process that will ensure the equality of
a palestinian state alongside the state
of israel without this hope extreme
ideologies can take
ro israel cannot hope to achieve
longterm security without a
comprehensive political solution one
which requires prog of palestinian
state violence and occupation will never
achieve safety and
stability the rejection by the israeli
leadership of a sovereign palestinian
state is therefore
untenable we call on the israeli
leadership to commit to a political
solution  to end current crisis we call
for commitment to a two-state solution
and respect for the relevant security
council
resolutions in this regard we also
support the ongo by France to generate
consensus around security council
that a to bring about a sustainable
peace our partners also  continue
continue working on a peace initiative that
provides the framework for comprehensive
regional
solution the international community
must step up and fully back these peace
efforts palestine has s full membership
of the united nations acceptance of full
un membership and recognition of
palestinian state is consist with
regional  And international effort to
aeve theate
solu we must to support palestin
excell
gra
situation joute aujourd'hui the risk of
more and more r d'un ralal embrasement
and international the heure is est grave and
elle devrait conduire toutes les parties
faire the choix  The retenue of the
escalade and the respect of the
international and non-dominant
force in this context outside the
world, the people of the world are happy
to insist on the whole
situation in our
collective travailment.  The main area of the land is
conseil the way forward in the
solution of political
relations in the country and the palestinians
that do not have a durable political horizon
that
allows the
dritter pales of the rion rester
plab impt conc
trav une
Solti offr
victas bien hamas dispara pas par la
force des armes il neera que lorsque
ours aur mis en place les conditions
propicaire l'g'une alternative acceptable
il est que temps de poser des actes
concretes vers une solution
deat bf du soutien de  The memes from this
post contain the most important
solutions that
contribute to our collection of
all the initiatives that contribute to the
solution policy the project that
shares the difference in the global solution that
causes it to confine an
important
one.  Terribly because of the Jordanians in
the villages I insist on the
net for the responses to return the
colonies that live on it
and for
this reason and the
international community does not pass by the effs for
the escalade of the rest for the past we
impose  The container sans all the
provocation Whoever is at the stabilization of
the real one sans prcd of the iran isra leam avec
fermet the risk of the conation rion pourer
la sur us avons la
responseurs par fa prioru ren
maximum le respect dr internal tris les  r
adopt pare
rest long-temps
comporte temp les condition sanon the
rance du politique
the le feu imm resp by all the
humanitaire accs the besoins hauteur
qui se prent and the libration without the
condition desent we avon the
responsabilites in the uv des rolu  Our
advice will be given to us by our responders We
respect the conservation measures
ordon by the international court of
justice The advice is to secure the right
to apply it at the same time as
gas and human traffickers
in this Belgian action is a
contribution  Construc from the paix
notamment in the appu l'organisation of the
conference preparatoire un plan de
mr let president me start by comming
the role of the elected members of the
security council on the adoption of
security council resolution 2728 last
month which unfortunately has not been
This was implemented by the
nation under the binding nature of the
provisional measures issued by
international court of justice on the 26
january and 28 march
pugs international rules withe
in
gaza
reps inum unac conse the war in gaza
must added we israel enable the
oss gaz
recent
news improvement of access to gaza even
though
insufficient remains an indispensable
stable actor in the region we welcome
the final report of the external review
group interns
serv war gaz pug made exin contribution
to million eur and we call on other don
to crucial
agenc we  once again warn of the
devastating humanitarian consequences
that could be military ground operation
into rafa we will
remain west
is palan ter inest b dev only aggravate
the structural drivers of the conflict
in the region we also extremely
concerned about reports of mistreatment
of hostages
by as including  sexual violence which is
utterly contrary to any principle of
human upon and other
grouped unc
region
portug and
uned attack launched isra by republ
islam iran we ech the calls of secret
general and security council mers all
s sitx
irent
final isra conflict
bhip ree
Thank you, Mr. President. I am making this statement on behalf of the
Minister of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates of the
Syrian Arab Republic, Dr. Faisal
Al-Miqdad. Mr. President, I addressed your council today at a
time when the eyes of millions around the world are turning to the
United Nations in the hope that it will fulfill its responsibilities
in maintaining international peace and security in a way that responds to the state of
great dissatisfaction and deep pain.
Who united the peoples of the world and the human conscience
in confronting genocide and the
brutal atrocities committed by the Israeli occupation authorities
against the
Palestinian people. We have witnessed and are still witnessing for
more than six months of criminal Israeli escalation
in Gaza and the
accompanying repeated attacks on the lands of the
Syrian Arab Republic and
other Arab countries, not  It was a result of the moment and not in
self-defense, as some of Israels
sponsors and protectors claim. Rather, it is a continuation of a long series of
massacres, acts of aggression and terrorism
committed by the Israeli occupation over decades,
which were met with the silence of the Security Council and the determination of the United Nations
to put its relevant resolutions into practice as a
result of the support of the American administrations.
The blame is limited.  Israel: It has become clear that the
utter failure of Israel to reconcile the
Palestinian people and achieve their military goals has
led them to bomb civilians with this
unprecedented brutality and bloodiness, and to commit genocide,
as a result of the campaign against
humanity, which seeks to escalate the situation and blow up the
critical region
in the force law, and to uphold the law and the
rights of
women.  This barbaric Israeli behavior has resulted in the
American administration paralyzing the Security Council
and its standing against the will of the vast majority of the
members of the Council in particular and
the members of the United Nations in general, and its use of its
veto four times without any light to continue leaning on the
metaphor
and displacement. What is more, it is the will of
God to encourage Israel to continue its displacement.  The
Palestinian people without
mercy, Mr. President, The
Syrian Arab Republic condemns the behavior of the
Israeli administrations against the
Palestinian people, which led, in its initial toll, to the
martyrdom of more than 35,000 civilians, the wounding of
tens of
thousands, the majority of whom were women and children, and the killing of at
least 240 humanitarian workers, including the
United Nations Tawaq, and a settlement.  The
Gaza Strip has left the ground, including hospitals,
schools, and other civilian facilities, declaring the
threat to destroy the city of Rafah, which is crowded
with its residents and hundreds of thousands of
Hungarians. Syria holds the Israeli occupation authorities
and the countries supporting them
fully responsible for the escalation
and its repercussions, and calls on the United Nations to work on and put an end to
this aggression,
siege, and put an end to it.  To starve the
Palestinians, prevent their forced displacement, and ensure that
Israel is held accountable for
its actions. It also demands that Syria implement the resolutions of
international legitimacy and enable the Palestinian people to
enjoy legitimate and inalienable national rights,
especially in establishing an independent land
and protecting its
entire population in this
policy. The United States of
America uses the video  Against the draft resolution submitted by our
sister Algeria before the Security Council to grant Palestine
full membership in the United Nations, and affirms
that preventing the establishment of an independent, sovereign Palestinian state is for the reason of prolonging the prolonged
state of insecurity and instability resulting from
the
Israeli occupation, Mr. President, that the crimes of the
Israeli occupation in the Palestinian territories
Inseparable from the crimes of the Syrian Arab occupier
Vigo, the occupying power of Israel, the occupying power, has
for more than five decades been its brutal policies
against our people in Greece and the scapegoat of violations of
international law and international law.
Anas also continues the occupations
expansionist settlement policy in Alanya, perpetuating its humiliation, prolonging the conflict,
and imposing
demographic change by increasing the numbers.  The settlers
and the materials are natural and ground-sourced, and
dangerous projects have been established for the Syrian people.
Yes, the Israeli occupation forces are using the land and
air of the occupied Syrian Golan as stipulated. The
attacks on Syrian territory and the
targeting of civilian facilities and
residential buildings are a grave violation of international law, the
Charter of the United Nations, and relevant Security Council resolutions.
The connection and agreement between the
774th Forces and the recent
hysterical attacks that affected the areas of Damascus
and its surroundings, Wad Al-Zawh and the
neighboring region, which led to the killing of innocent civilians,
the injury of others, and the infliction of great hundreds of damages. The last veil of
international conventions and treaties reached
in
diplomatic mirrors, which revealed the targeting of an
Iranian building from the air.  In conclusion, the Israeli occupation forces and the
terrorist organization ISIS launched attacks on civilians
and the military, which once again confirms the interdependence
and coordination between the Israeli occupation authorities and
their tools of terrorists.  The
President and Syria's disgrace to Israel and its sponsors are degenerate and their policies are weak and
push the region towards the Levant
and demand that the
pain be brought back from the link and ran
47 into practice in order to ensure an end to the
Israeli occupation of
Arab countries and the
war on
Uganda
in the past
solamente
han
sido su
11 muertas
herd siendo
a Conso ha
inap
m as como
solaa a sit
pal
niara
j todos territori
pal eje de est milites with respal milit
est pa europe
fc
palo anun
varp acia
de para pal
del
frat apci la corte intercial
justicia vi la convenen para
preven del genero
The main principle is that there is an interface
in the place with a
particular palestino territorial
fran tambourine
to the
east of the old
palesa debe como mi
nte acia
pal
elo
estr
deer de las
sa
conse resp
conv pueblo palestino sald victorioso
material
pal
with
conus como
cap
exim  Med for
the palate
palit tabb cona del ejercicio that dere
inali del pueblo
palestino
dosel
pal amb
esent
to the conf of
pal
hausa
jica la
para ser miembro pleno de naciones de
dos tercer parts de la
membr reconoce oficial al estado
palestin recientemente
pa hanono  a
palestine
agora son
142 am
pales pal
pal y la ocupa israel territori
palestinos y
ocad los
pueblos
tambis esta tragedydia
tanum pare tiene
lito cons
seg ya es hora de que estados unidos y
paes europeos
recap escen las voces de la humanidad
intera  Clam for the justicia
libertad
reflexion che pongan fin a
su inus polas de nega y exclusi de los
derechos inen del pueblo
pa estos paes reca hist
futur
conso del puo
palam del mundo into es palestina
libre seor
presidente palestin
mamic in my cap as chic
grou president let me
conate mal's presidence of thec i also
express our appreciation for foran open
debate on the sit in the middle of the pal
question ending
brit israeli military aggression
against the palestinian people in the
gaza strep and the ar rest of the
occupying palestine included  jerusalem
must remain central to all international
efforts in this regard the oic held an
extraordinary session of the ccil of
foreign minister on 5th march
2024 to discuss the ongoing israeli
assault in blatant violation of
international laws and norm
and we are deeply concerned by the
systematic  isra crimes that have so far
climed the lives of more 33000 palan
civili left 8000 wed of are
children womed
arr for
displ of civilian
infu house
relig hospital schol univers un insti
historical and economic
facili
andan people from
26 28 mar 2024 most order by international
cour of j in the case of south afric
isra
the bring
bing we also call body
is res
2712 2720 and 2728
inter
law human and la the security cc act for
to implement all of resolution on the
palan and adop enforcement in the
caseation and
non
ent we
country of the contribution of in
conjun with malicious
isra targeting the age present and r
which constit collective punishment and
is extinguish the humanitarian catastrophic
in the gas in this the oic call on
alling that can
in acc assem which is not only
limit providing human and basic service
to the palestinian refugee but also
contributing enhan stability in the reg
there is no doubt that in and its
operation in all field clearly mandate
present the international community
commitment to protecting the of
palestinian refugees as responsibility
in reaching a solution  to their plight
in accordance with the international law
and the relevant united nation
resolution included resolution
194 mr president we appreciate the
report by the un secretary general and
un agency which reflects the reality on
the gr in the occupying palestine ter
incl
and should also specifically address
the grave violation against palestinian
children included in particular in the
gazp where they have ed in the trauma
and suffering with over 14,000 children
killed by the israel occup for since 7
october 2023 and 10 of injured with
losing lumps and becoming permanently
disabled we also welcome the human
right ccil resolution calling up state
to the s transfer and diversion of arms
m and other milit equipment to israel
iterative also that this august body
takes concr step to the right protection
and wellbeing of palestinian people who
have been unding decade of illegal
colonial  occupation terrorism
displacement and disposition
discriminations and apti bral operation
and now
genocide mr president to pu the way for
a comprehensive and lasting peace we
must emphasize that the need to
establish a political path and
irreversible step that lead to achieving
the in the right of the palestinian  people
included to self determination and
return in accordance with international
law and to ending for with the illegal
Israeli occupation and achieving the two
stat solution in accordance with united
nation resolution we stress in the
necessity expand the international
recognition of the state of palestine as
a  full fledge member of the united
nation we believe that such a stat would
be a significant step towards supporting
the in right and legitim
nation palan people for independence
andate as equal member of the
international community contributing to
the realization of lasting and peaceful
solution on the  bas of the international
law and relevant united nation
resolution in conclusion i would like to
take
opp and solidar with palan people in to
restore incl to self determination
and independence and s on their state on
the palestinian land occupied since
1967 with jerusalem at capital  to allow
the palestinian people to finally live
in
freedom, peace and security in their
homeland thank you for your attention.
Thank you, Mr.
President. I would like to begin by offering the
Maltese presidency my sincere thanks for all that must have been
ignorant of the past period. We have witnessed, with your cooperation
and sincerity, all the issues of the
Middle East region.
And the world is in order to see some progress in the process of
maintaining international peace and security.
Today, we continue in a public place surrounded by
poisonous walls, amidst a
diplomatic atmosphere that is being destroyed by the number of statements.
Words remain, of which nothing has been achieved. They are just
fleeting words, but as we sit here in this
hall from which we have long been waiting.
Many sit: the chosen Palestinian son in
East Jerusalem, the orphan girl in
the West Bank, and the mother who lost her son two days ago,
two weeks ago her husband, and two months ago her daughter in
Gaza. How long will this miserable situation continue?
In this regard, and out of the humanity
that unites us, not narrow international interests,
they reiterated before all of you and in your esteemed council the
necessity.  We must adhere to the three basic demands,
which are, firstly, a ceasefire in Ghazr, and that the
disrespectful Israeli authorities respect the
blood of the individual
Palestinians, and secondly, to advance the delivery of
humanitarian and additional aid, and thirdly, to stop the
forced displacement and sophisticated cleansing operations of the
Persian people.
Mr. President, I call on all of you to be a
little bored with the faces of the innocent and vulnerable people in
occupied Palestine.  Palestine, which suffered as no
other country has suffered, with the continuation of the longest
colonial march that humanity has ever seen in
modern history. These are the goals of the world order that we have
collectively decided to pursue. I will lead to seeing an
oppressed people calling, with the loudest voices, for a land homeland with
international recognition, and above all that, and with the increasing difficulties that...  The
Palestinian people are experiencing it today.
Some are demanding that UNRWA limit its activities and
move its tasks to other places without realizing,
even slightly, the impact of ideas
affecting the future and the
health crisis, and the pain of this painful development that has lost
awareness and vision. The agencys negotiator emphasized it
by saying, and
I quote, that it is almost impossible to restore
Zion.  A child suffers from the severe foundations of
teaching, and failure to provide this will condemn an
entire generation to despair as it will lead to the loss of
faith.
Imagine,
my colleagues, what the situation would be like if the
international community did not recognize Palestine as an independent state
and the racist colonial regime decided to defeat
the interests of the aroused Palestinian people. How could it be?
When interests are achieved, and when the
values of tolerance
and coexistence spread and expand, history will not be kind to you. When your
actions at the time will not purify your past path,
they will be a disgraceful disgrace for the
future. It is unfortunate to see the United States using the
right to criticize the aspirations of the
Palestinian people and the State of Palestines restriction of
full membership in the
United Nations.  But as our efforts continue forever and ever,
I say to the ambassador of the State of Palestine to the
United Nations, my dear brother, Ambassador Riyad, who is with me,
the ambassador, and oh the proud people of Palestine? Kuwait is
Palestine, Palestine is Kuwait, Kuwaits membership
in the United Nations is the land of Palestine, and your concerns
are our concerns, and your challenges are our challenges,
and your efforts and our efforts will not.  It stops even if some people violate
its use of the right once, twice, and ten
times. It is also unfortunate that we see the state
occupying the Palestinian territories demanding that the
international community not recognize Palestine as a state that shines in the
full spotlight in the motherland. So how can
we expect an oppressor to oppress or an usurper to
amend and rule in a
rape case? Where?  These are your values that you have mastered, and
it is astonishing that this rogue state, with
its decisions and activities that lack
moral legitimacy before legality, exploits its relationship with
member states and relies on a member of your council whose mind is
reverent to the right of peoples, the right of states and peoples to
live in
dignity, and away from everything I mentioned and the efforts of some to
strip the Palestinian person of
his humanity.  But the Palestinian is less valuable than other
human beings. Do you not see the direct link between the
Palestinian situation and the broader state of
instability in the Middle East region?
Mr. President, I beg your pardon for
taking you back a little to an earlier time, even if you
believe that the compass of history does not look back to its
readings of half a century, specifically to November 1974.
I would like to remind you of the United Nations General Assembly Resolution
No. 3/36, which aspires to give
Palestine complete independence and sovereignty,
and the United Nations recognition of Viggio and Tebes. The
resolution reaffirms the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people in
Palestine,
especially first, the right to self-determination without
external interference, and second, the right to independence and sovereignty.
Patriots, and here I would like to point out that the
occupying Israeli entity was recognized by the
United Nations as a member four days after the
founding of this
organization. Palestine, and five decades after the
issuance of the resolution I referred to, is still
demanding its right to be recognized by the United Nations as an
independent state like the rest of the countries.
What is the message that we want to convey to the
peoples of the world in our non-compliance with the
United Nations resolution, the Security Council and General Assembly resolutions,
that those resolutions do not advance human issues
and concerns, that the ideal framework of the United Nations
that was established in the 1940s
only came to advance the realistic interests of the visions of
specific parties, which is no good?  With all of us, we are surrounded by the walls of
this most influential political hall in the
world. If we do not adhere
to the binding resolutions, and remind everyone,
we must implement them, not
ignore them. How long will all of us, the
vast majority of members of the international community, demand the
legitimate right of Palestine and its people?
Great civilizations have collapsed when they are
isolated and preoccupied with distant concerns.  On the
cross-border values and principles that united
humanity for decades and were based on the expansion of
the international system that exists
today, Mr. President, the State of Kuwait renews
its demands that society cooperate and look forward,
not backward, and recognize
Palestinian membership in the United Nations. In
light of all of this and what the people have seen  The people of Gaza, defenseless
from the pain it is difficult to describe, have been the result of the past months,
not to mention the challenges that the United Nations has gone through
in this regard, the most recent of which was
the decision by several countries to suspend their support for the United Nations agency
to employ Palestinian refugees in the
Near East, as a result of a commitment claimed by Israel that was
later revealed in this regard and from the standpoint of  Our
moral responsibility and humanitarian goodness, I am pleased to announce
to you today that the State of Kuwaits provision of a
voluntary contribution to the Al-Anwar Agency in the amount of 30 million
US dollars indicates the continuity and continuation of
Kuwaiti air bridge operations with daily aircraft
loaded with all the needs of the
Palestinian people, and that this support, even if it was little,
did not come to the Palestinian people.  It is only a translation of the interest
that the wise political leadership in
his country gives to human issues
and concerns. The Palestinian human being was not created to be a slave,
and the Palestinian right is permanent as long as we are
humankind. O Palestine, freedom.
Thank you, Mr. President. I would like to begin by
welcoming Dr. Your Foreign and European Affairs and
Trade Affairs, and I thank him for the money he has financed during his term as President of
the Council.
Thank you,
Mr. General of the United Nations, for the fact that the developments in the security and
political situation in the Middle East region nullify
all efforts
to avoid aggravating the dire humanitarian situation
and the inability of the Security Council last week
to adopt a draft resolution on the full commitment of the United
Mother State of Palestine
to the brotherly Palestinian people.  The
continuation of the war is
detrimental, and the Kingdom of Bahrain renews its call to protect the
international community, led by the Tartar Council,
which is
necessary without
their suffering, improving the
livelihood and protecting civilians
in accordance with international law and international
humanitarian law,
because Mr. President, the recent military escalation
serves to
escalate the war and threaten regional security and stability,
and the Kingdom of Bahrain calls for the necessity of
commitment.  With the truce, a
country on Andol
19 with its capital
on the basis of two countries and the Arab Peace Initiative
and the same capital to establish peace
in the Tekke region, justice and security
living between
to representa of
Nigeria thank
you madam president my delegation aligns
itself with a statement delivered by
uganda on  On behalf of the non-aligned
movement and Mauritania on behalf of the
organization of the Islamic cooperation
at the beginning we would like to congratulate
mta on its successful presidency of the
security council this month and express
our gratitude for organizing this
important meeting on the situation in
the middle east including the question
of
palestine
madam the world must take concerted
decision for
achieving a lasting solution based on
the international principle and strang
in the united nations relevant
resolutions the charter of the united
nations is crucial clear on the
promotion and protection of
international law
humanitarian and human rights law the
situation in gaza requires a ent action
and it should not go beyond m politics
destruction of lives and property
including hospitals refugee refugee
camps religious and cultural s is a
violation of international law niger
further calls for a durable ceas which
should help us get to a two-state
solution this seeming permanent cycle of
violence needs to be broken my
delegation is deeply concerned with the
systematic and continued of civilian
lives mostly defenseless women children
and caught up in the war and a hundred
still facing hunger starvation  force
displacement and destruction of
infrastructure we call for the
implementation of all and those united
nations security council resolutions and
decisions that provided a just solution
for the plight of the palestinian
refugees as well as to achieve a just
lasting and comprehensive solution on
the security  council to stand up to its
responsibility to ens asrin in the
charter devoid of double standard and to
rise sectional politics in finding a
lasting solution to the current crisis
between the state of palestine and
israel by implementing the two state
formula nigeria supports the process of
attainment  of the palestinian statehood
and the full membership of the
palestinians in the united nations we
regret that the security council was
unable to support the resolution for
the full state of the palestine it is
imperative that the denial of the
rights of the palestinian statehood would
indefinitely prolong the conflict and a
one state solution which with huge
palestinian population inside that state
without any real sense of freedom right
and dignity would be inconceivable the
only way to address the legitimate
aspiration of both Israel and
palestinians through the two state
solution
we reate  our call to all countries to
continue to increase funding for the
united nation relief and work agenc in
the near east
noa other agencies and the international
organization as well as the
international community to provide the
agency with sufficient and predictable
funding to enable continue to enable it
continu vital role which is not only
limited to providing humanitarian and
services to the palestin refuges also
contributes to enhancing stability in
the region as a promoter and protector
of the international law we iterate
nigerians appeal for restrain following
the escalation between Iran and Israel
occasioned by  the recent attack against
iran diplomatic premises and
representatives in damaskus the
government of nigeria joins other
members of the international community
to call on iran and israel to exercise
restraint as diplomatic efforts are
ongoing to ease tension and wi conflict
in middle east in this critical per  it
is the two countries to reflect on the
universal commitment to peaceful
solution of conflict for the advancement
of global peace and security in
conclusion mad president it is incumbent
on members of the sec cc to take
concrete and bold step to ensure the
protection of wellbeing of  the
palestinian people and taking action to
prevent further disruption the violation
of national law and relevant un
resolution including the decisions of
the international court of justice on
gaza we also call on the member state
and international community to act
quickly to uphold the human dignity of
the oppressed palestinian people to
achieve freedom self-determination and
independence as well as to attain full
membership of the united nations with
full privileged rights under the
sovereign state of palestine i thank you
i thank the representative of nigeria
for the
His Excellency the President Respected Ladies and Gentlemen
Peace  May Gods mercy and
blessings be upon you. First of all, I congratulate you, and
throughout this
month, on the basis of your strong position on international law.
This should be the congratulations to the members of the
Sedition Council. We are pleased to meet you. This Council supports the
noble purposes and lofty goals of the Charter of the
United Nations. I would like to point out here that it unites
my country.  He joins the statement made by the
Permanent Representative of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, our
sister
Arab country, His Excellency the President. Unfortunately, this
Council was not able to grant the Palestinian people their inherent right
to recognize stable countries, which the overwhelming majority
of countries recognize as the
United Nations. There is no doubt that this willful and offensive neglect
by some members of the Council,
except for the following:
And the worst and the West Bank, where Israel did not hesitate to
practice
mass oppression against the Palestinian people, including the
brutal attack that affected thousands of children and women
and employees of humanitarian relief teams, of whom,
according to
independent sources, nearly 250 workers were killed. So far
everyone knows for sure, including the
occupation authorities.  The Israeli statement said that this crisis did not
begin on October 7, as is being promoted,
and that this tragedy has root causes represented by
Israels continued occupation of Arab lands and its
humanitarian policies that conflict with the provisions of
international law. Didnt we call on your esteemed council to be aware of
the responsibilities entrusted to it under the provisions of
the Charter to provide protection for the Palestinian people
and to hold them accountable?  Unfortunately, Israel's double
standards have affected the credibility of this
Council and the world order. We also call on your
honorable Council to make international law, as if it were the basis of the foolishness on which
this
organization was based, not take sides in favor of any party to the cause of
injustice,
civilian persecution, and the short displacement of
civilians in the Gaza Strip.  It is widely considered
collective in accordance with Article 2 of the
1948 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Genocide. It prohibits that the
siege of Gaza deprives civilians of access
to electricity, food, and shelter. It is an
illegal and inhumane act and may be considered a crime.
Such collective measures are prohibited
under Article 3.  From the Alan Agreement, His Excellency
the President, respected ladies and gentlemen,
history and international law have taught us that
self-defense cannot justify
genocide or collective punishment and the targeting of
innocent civilians, since preventing
humanitarian aid from reaching the population is a crime
under international law. Hence, the Sultanate of
Oman demands the necessity of an immediate halt.  To open fire,
stop Israeli military operations, and ensure the
access of all humanitarian and additional aid
and basic needs to the Palestinian people.
We hold Israel, as a protesting authority, responsible for
this action. His Excellency the President, Sultan Amman, intends with his
restored political solution to dialogue
and the rule of law, from the faction that calls for the intervention of the
international community to lead to war in the Gaza Strip.  It was
deterred by international law and its continued
military operations against civilians inside the train, demolishing
pedestrians, neighborhoods and civilian neighborhoods in all
Palestinian territories. The call for holding a joint conference with the
participation of all parties concerned with the
Palestinian issue in this regard leads to the end of the
Israeli rule and the establishment of an
independent Palestinian state and the
extended divisions.
Thank you, Mr. All. Thank you very much,
present the
content
of your recients
in the home of unicamented
terrorist groups and the violence that perpetually belongs to
Israel and in the pasado of the october
city of the old school, where the person who lives in the home
Vidas inocentes and fran de gasa and
consu drama human que destruye a tant
personas especialmente mujeres nios recicin
adol consider que corresponde a todos
demand especial aten aliento integral de
principio cons en la declara universal
de los derechos humanos como
d
intercial
elore
presidente  The last part of the
internal group
can be accessed to the home that the
country and the organization of the country have access to, and that is what
the
car
has to expres nu print of the violencia
ori
enic que puede descar una cris regional
y global sin
prent hacemos un llam naciones unidas
For the interface of the manera in my prendo el
dio and the resolu pica
de conforme a
fundamental principi la p
intercial
princi son to
conven supervivencia
entend ha escen
conso por ello creos que el sistema
multilateral nos bringa la oportunidad
de crear espacios deca diogo
yo che contrib  A fortalecer and an
internacional derecho mean
globali a fin de preven conflitto
prve lair che non
obliga ideas que no ennuestro de logar
una convivencia
pf que sonas las causas que la
human clama se
at que imperativo dedicar
esz panam comprometida la funda de esta
Organ with the convivencia pacf entre los
estados insta al consejo de seguridad
para continuar realizando todo esfuerzos
y acciones necesarias para lograr ha
oriente medio y aqu hoy ms que nunca eer
a sus facultades vinc
para a hostile lass [
Music]
anel imper del dere interal  Respeto
digital humana seane for una nua
segre manera
inos gracias
Thank you, Mr.
President. At the beginning, we extend our congratulations to the
Mata delegation for assuming the presidency of the Councils work for this
month and for its
distinguished efforts. We also thank the delegation of the sister Republic of Algeria for its
great and distinguished efforts in
submitting a draft resolution requesting full membership of the State of
Palestine.
Today, Iraq reaffirms  Before the
international community, because it provides for the establishment of a Palestinian state
with full membership in the
United Nations, this recognition is considered an
employee based on the principles of justice, equality, and the right to
self-determination, which are the principles on which the
concept of the United Nations is based existentially. The
recognition decision is not considered a compliment or a grant of the
states standards as stipulated.
International law exists, so
Palestine has a defined territory, a permanent population, a
national government, and the ability to enter into
designated relations with other countries. It is part of
efforts to establish peace and justice in our
region. Depriving Palestine of the status it
deserves like the rest of the member states of this
organization is a denial of basic religious rights
and five values of
international justice.  The Palestinians, as you all know, have suffered
from long decades of occupation,
displacement, oppression, leveling, and confiscation of lands
from the
brutal occupying authority. Many of them lost their lives and lost their
lands and homes that they inherited from their fathers
and grandfathers as a result of an illegal occupation that is extremely
severe in human rights violations and the distortion of peace,
in violation of international law.
Mr.
President, the recognition of Palestine as a complete and complete state is a
new confirmation of the international communitys commitment to
supporting the rights of the
Palestinian people, and a firm step towards a just and lasting solution
to the conflict that we find in the country,
as this recognition will lead to giving Palestine the
appropriate platform to achieve its legitimate aspirations
towards security, chastity, peace, and
full effective participation in society.  And in
obtaining the vital resources and assistance
necessary for
its development, my delegation expresses its regret at the inability of the
Security Council to achieve the just Palestinian dream
of establishing its independent state and recognizing
it alongside the nations that offer peace and
security. We extend our thanks, appreciation, and special greetings
to the member states that supported the Q,
Vote, and Sik project.  What in history are the
honorable positions taken by those countries that reflected the
noble values and new human qualities
for the sake of peace and security for the peoples of
the world? Iraq will work tirelessly and without stopping with
all those who love Islam for Palestine, a complete,
playful and free state that has settled on its
borders.
I have the h on beh 121 states.
movement at the outset i congratulate
mta on it successful presidency on the
security of the secur council this month
and express appreciation for the
opportunity for the movement to present
its position on the question of
palestine the ministers of the n aligned
movement committee on palestine met  on
on the sideslines of the 19th summit of
heads of state and government of n
allied movement on 17th january 2024 in
kampala
uganda and affirmed the longstanding
common and principle position by nam on
the question of palestine which has
lasted for over the past 60 years  nam
reats that respect for the charter
international law and un resolutions
constitute the foundation for a just
solution of the palestinian question the
cornerstone for regional and global
peace and security with us call upon the
international community to exper all
necessary efforts to promote the
realization of  a just solution based on
international endorsed parameters
enshrined in the
relevant un resolutions in this regard
the member states of the movement once
again reaffirm that this ongoing
historic injustice with decades of
israel illegal occupation of the
palestinian territ
and arab other arab territories at its
sc  continues to pose a serious
threat to regional and international
peace and security as the palestinian
people continue to be deprived of their
enabling rights including to
self-determination and
independence the prolonged international
paralysis on this issue is inexcusable
the international consensus on a
solution is firm  and clear and there is
an abundance of multilateral political
and diplomatic tools to promote the
achievement of a just and peaceful
resolution we must use them
responsibly and we in the are ready to
do so and urge the security council to
act forthwith to show responsibilities
In this regard the security council has
primary responsibility for the
maintainance of international peace and
security in accordance with articles 12
and 24 of the charter the security
council must uphold its charter duty to
maintain international peace and
security and must act to implement it
own resolutions the  question of palestin
cannot be an exception to international
law and to the authority
of this council the members of the
movement call on the security council to
overcome its paralysis on the
palestinian question to just resolve
this protracted conflict and tragic
injustice mr president nam condemns in
the strongest terms the acts of
aggression and collective punishment by
Israel the power against the palestinian
people in grave breach of international
la humanitarian and human rights law
including interia the killing and injury
of tens of palestinian
civilians thousands including many children and
women in the  israeli military aggression
that began on october 2023 against the
besieged gaza strip as well as in
attacks by the occupying forces and
extremist settlers and settler militias
in the west bank including e jerusalem
the massive destruction of homes
hospitals schools universities mos
churches uner shelters and other
civilian infrastructure including water
sanitation and electricity networks in
the gaza
strip se and demolitions of homes and
properties and threats to expel hundreds
of palestinian families from their homes
in occupied eas jerusalem and other
parts of the west bank violent inion in
aamis str alham al sharif  in occupied e
jerusalem and attacks on palestinian
muslims and christian worshipers in the
city and daily military raids and abit
detentions and improvement of
imprisonment of thousands of
palestinians including children women
and journalists nam demands an immediate
and complete session of all such ilal is
practices and pr  Against palestinian
people and other nations in the region
the n aligned movement demands an
immediate and durable cfire and welcomes
the recently passed
resolution 27
28 2024 that demanded an immediate seas
fire for the remainder of
ramadan protected by all parties and
leading to a lasting sustainable  peace
it c for the full implementation of the
stut council resolution
2720 and cause upon all states to
cooperate with the un mechanism
established by the c resolution
2720 of 2023 to accelerate the provision
of humanitarian relief consignments to
the gaza
strip it also demanded the  Immediate and
unconditional release of all hostages
and called for ensuring humanitarian
access to address their medical and
other humanitarian needs we reiterate
our call for an immediate and permanen
fire now member st members express their
grave concern about the treatment of
palestinian prisoners by israel
especially child  prisoners and chains
including torture sol confinement
prolonged administrative detention
inadequate access to proper medical care
education family visits and military
trials in this regard num calls for
proper international access to
palestinian prisoners and chinese
including children num calls for the red
doubling of international efforts at the  international
and
non-governmental levels to ensure that
the implementation of all relevant
united nations
and respect for all obligations
under international law including
humanitarian law and human rights law
stressing that a peaceful solution to
the question of palestine is central for
establishing wider peace and ensuring  stability
in the middle
east nam recalls that
security council resolution 23 34 of
2016 which provides a viable path to
peace
setting forth the essential
requirements and parameters for the
realization of a just outcome on the
basis of a two state solution based on
the June 4th  1967 lines and ensuring the
fulfillment by the palestinian people of
their inalienable rights including
self-determination and independence of
the state of palestine with easter
jerusalem as it is capital and a just
solution for the plight of the palen
refugees in accordance with general
assembly resolution
194 nam therefore reat it call for full
respect of resolution 2334 of 2016 and
for the effective implementation of its
provisions and particular obligations by
the occupying power and including in
terms of stat obligation regarding
distinction
which is a central matter to ensuring
accountability of the movement also
underscores the need for the
intensification of international and
regional diplomatic efforts
including by this council
aimed at bringing an end to the
isup and achieving a just lasting and
comprehensive solution similarly the
member states of the movement continue
to call for respect for and
implementation of the  provisions of
resolution
2334 of 2016 and all other relevant
resolutions regarding the complete
session of all is resettlement
activities and the status of the
occupied east jerusalem in this regard
nam expresses grave concern about the
deteriorating situation on the ground
which has been marked by an escalation
of israel activities in the grave
breach of international law and rising
violence provocation and incitement par
settler violence and terror that has led
to the tragic closs of life of more
civilians including children and the
detention of thousands of palestinian
civilians and coun human abuses and
violations of  international action must
be taken immediately to help escalate
this
situation that must include a hold to
all unilateral and un measures by
Israel in the occupied palestinian
territory including east jerusalem
actions that violate the street council
resolutions including violations of the
historic and legal
status of jerusalem  and its ho sites are
provocative dangerous and destroy the
prospects for peace
for full respect for the historic and
legal status and for the historical
hashemite custodianship over the
Christian and Muslim ho sides in the
city and for the protection of the
sanctity of the ho sides and  for all
relevant provisions of international and
security council resolutions nam
commends the efforts of his
majesty
king king mohammed the sixth chair of
alcad committee of the organization of
the islamic
corporation mr president nam calls for
the admission of the state of palestine
as a full member  of the united nations
with all rights and privileges and calls
for favorable consideration by the city
council of the state of palestinian
application for admission to the united
nation membership without further delay
ent international recognition is vital
for protecting the rights of the
palestinian people including their  right
to self-determination and independence
we call on all countries that have not
recognized the state of palestine to do
so forth with as an expression of their
sincere commitment to peace and their
respect for international law and
legality in accordance with the relevant
united nations
resolutions  mr president nam membership
reiterates their call for the continuation
provision of the needed humanitarian and
socioeconomic assistance to the
palestinian people including the
palestinian refugees the movement
reaffirms the continued ind
dispensability of the united nations
relief and works agency for palestinian
refugees in the near east
un  Along with other united nations
agencies and international organizations
in alleviating the applied and the
international community to provide the
agency with sufficient and predictable
funding ensuring the continuity of honor
and it significant contribution to
regional stability in accordance with
his general assembly mandate must be of
concern  to this council in this
connection the movement grave
regarding concern the lack of accountability for
all violations committed by Israel in
the occupied palestinian territory
including east jerusalem many of which
amount crimes israel must comp with
international law and must be h to
account for it blant  contempt of this
council icj and other international
legal obligations the absence of justice
only leads to greater impunity and
recurrence of crimes and stabilizes the
situation on the ground diminishing the
prospects for peace now m states
continue to call for na action to
ensure ass of and  Accountability for the
violations being systematically
committed by Israel against the
palestinian people and other nations in
the region with regard to the situation
occupied go heights the movements that
all measures actions
taken to be taken by Israel the occ such
as it legal decision of 14th December
1981  that alter the legal physical and
demographic status and institutional
structure as well as the e measures to
apply it jurisdiction and administration
there are now un void and have no legal
effect in this regard and line with
nam's principle position the movement
wants again demands that Israel  abides by
sec council resolution
497 of 19
and f withdraws from hp goan to it 4
june 1967 borders in implementation of
the sh cc resolution 243 of 1967 and
338 of
1973 strongly condemns israel attack
against iranian domestic premises and
representatives in damascus earlier this
month  which resulted more than a dozen
casualties in this regard iterating
that the security and safety of the
members and premises of diplomatic and
consular missions should be ensured by
all states nam emphasizing that attacks
against diplomatic premises and
representatives are flagrant violation
of international law and the  charter of
the united nations moreover now member
states emphasize that Israel must
withdraw from all Lebanese territories
including sh farms the cacha hills and
the northern part of the village of g
adj area north the blue l in accord
relevant resolution particular
resolution 1559 of 2004 and  1701 of
2006 to
conclude mr president the movement
opportunity to reiterate its call for
collective international efforts to
uphold international law to bring an end
to this historic and grave injustice now
member states reaffirm their commitment
to promoting a just lasting
comprehensive and peaceful solution to
the  question of palestine in all its
aspects including for the plight of the
palestinian refuges and reaffirm their
support for the palestinian people in
their struggle to achieve justice and
fulfill their inalienable rights and
legitimate national aspirations
including to
self-determination freedom and
independence in their sovereign  and
independent state of palestine with east
jerusalem as it is capital and stand
ready to cooperate with and support the
sit
i i than the representative of uganda for
statement there are no morees inscribed
on the ist speakers the meeting ised